more osu! patterns (#12068)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Beatmap/Pattern/osu!/Death_Stream/en.md

---
stub: true
tags:
  - death_streams
---

> # Death Stream

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Death stream
```

Author: done

> **Death Streams** are a type of the [stream](/wiki/Beatmap/Pattern/osu!/Stream) pattern. They occur in Expert difficulties and test the players ability to click in a steady rhythm for longer periods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A **death stream** is a type of [stream](/wiki/Beatmap/Pattern/osu!/Stream) pattern. They occur in [Expert](/wiki/Ranking_criteria/Difficulty_naming) difficulties and test the players ability to click rapidly in a steady rhythm for longer periods.
```

> **Death Streams** tend to last longer than 30 [hit circles](/wiki/Gameplay/Hit_object/Hit_circle).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Death streams** tend to last longer than 30 [hit circles](/wiki/Gameplay/Hit_object/Hit_circle).
```

Author: applied
